Render math blocks and fenced code info in Spectre Panel widgets (#227)
boxofyellow/ConsoleMarkdownRenderer: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Upcoming Changes

### :art: Renderers :art:

> - [#227](https://github.com/boxofyellow/ConsoleMarkdownRenderer/pull/227): Render math blocks and fenced code block info in Spectre `Panel` widgets when the label/info is present, with configurable `MathBlockPanelBorder` and `FencedCodeBlockInfoPanelBorder` styling (both default to `BoxBorder.Rounded`).

Reviewer: @copilot Why did alter any of the existing items in the list.

You should add you item to the top of the renders sections, please all the existing items unchanged.

### :art: Renderers :art:
- [#225](https://github.com/boxofyellow/ConsoleMarkdownRenderer/pull/225): Enable live search on the link-navigation `SelectionPrompt` so long lists of links can be filtered by typing
- [#224](https://github.com/boxofyellow/ConsoleMarkdownRenderer/pull/224): Render GitHub-style alert blocks in Spectre `Panel` widgets by default, with configurable `AlertPanelBorder` styling.

> - PR: Render math blocks and fenced code block info in Spectre `Panel` widgets when the label/info is present, with configurable `MathBlockPanelBorder` and `FencedCodeBlockInfoPanelBorder` styling (both default to `BoxBorder.Rounded`).

Reviewer: @copilot this is your PR number
```suggestion
- [#227](https://github.com/boxofyellow/ConsoleMarkdownRenderer/pull/227): Render math blocks and fenced code block info in Spectre `Panel` widgets when the label/info is present, with configurable `MathBlockPanelBorder` and `FencedCodeBlockInfoPanelBorder` styling (both default to `BoxBorder.Rounded`).
```
Also please add your PR to the top of the Renders section.  Not in the middle of of other items.

Add please add the scaffolding to demonstrate this change, you can leave placeholders for the for before/after images
